You know that when J. Paul Getty, the founder, died in 1976, I believe, he left a great deal of money.
How much money was never really known, even though he was considered the richest man in the world during his lifetime.
But he left an enormous
Invested an enormous amount of money to what was then called the J. Paul Getty Foundation, the sole purpose of which was the care and feeding of the little museum in Malibu that he had founded in the villa, the copy of the Herculaneum Villa that he had built there.
Well, the estate, the Getty estate, was tied up for years in litigation.
There was the children and the girlfriends and all the, you know, there were a number of claims on it and that kind of thing.
And it was a vast amount of money.
And so it took some time until all that was settled.
When it was all settled and everything in place, the trustees of the foundation realized that they had something quite extraordinary on their hands and that it was far too much money.
to be lavished with any sense of responsibility on this museum on the shores of the Pacific.
They did a very intelligent thing.
They reconstituted themselves entirely and they took a lot of time to do it and to study the situation.
They reconstituted themselves from the Getty Foundation to the Getty Trust, as it's now known.
When approximately did they do this, would you say?
Late 70s, early 80s.
I can't remember.
Let's say 1980 to be... So it's the last 10 years.
Oh, yes.
So they became the Getty Trust.
And they took this enormous endowment.
which they had under their control, and gave it different responsibilities and charges than that simply of the care and feeding of the museum.
Can I just interject a question?
Can we say that it was in the hundreds of years?
Is that fair yet?
Oh there's no question that it was in the hundreds of millions uh it was uh it was uh because these are public figures so there's no problem with that. It was somewhere close to uh well I don't even remember now. I mean it's easy enough. You can check it out. I think it was uh I think it was uh
in the area of one and a half a million, uh billion, dollars. B, with a B. Now the managers of the uh of the Getty uh Trust are very accomplished uh people, very intelligent, uh they come from uh financial, corporate uh backgrounds and uh and with the sale of the Getty Oil Company to
Not to Texaco.
That was the cause of the problem.
There was Pennzoil, I think.
Whatever it was.
With the sale of the Getty oil stock which the trust had inherited in, I think, 1984, the trust...
uh came up to uh close to its present figure of almost four billion dollars so uh
I want to say something about that.
Well, I want to say something about that because you're interested in my role as a collection developer, and that, of course, means money.
But I want to say something about this money, but I'm going to come back to it.
Let me just finish the history of this place.
So with this establishing themselves as the Getty Trust, and as I say, they took a lot of time, consulted with a lot of people all over the world about what this trust could do, and what its functions could be, and how it could best use this money.
And what they did was establish a series of entities, as we call them.
The Getty Trust is the mother organization, the umbrella organization for all of the entities.
All of the entities come to it for their funding.
They come to it for the guidelines and the rules concerning all sorts of administrative matters, budgets and personnel and equipment and everything that falls under the head of it.
Do they determine how much money you're going to get?
Yes.
Yes, every year each entity submits a budget, and the trust in its wisdom decides what's appropriate and necessary, and we operate on that budget.
Now, just a little closer.
Sure.
Oh, sorry.
Okay, now, so each of these entities, the oldest and the best known, of course, because of its name is the J. Paul Getty Museum.
And then is the entity with which I'm associated, the J. Paul Getty Center for the History of Art and the Humanities.
It's a research institution.
And then there are a number of others, the J. Paul Getty Conservation Institute, the J. Paul Getty Art History Information Program, the J. Paul Getty Program for the Study of Art and Film, the Getty Program for Education, Art and Education, and the J. Paul Getty Grant Program.
Could this ever evolve itself into an institutional university?
Yes, it could, but it won't.
We don't feel, or the trust doesn't feel, that it's appropriate to found another university or to become part of another university, all of which was suggested initially.
A university does a different thing into the teaching function.
It means using the money in ways which we feel are already well done by existing institutions.
We don't want to compete with them.
Although we collaborate with many teaching institutions, we don't want to
This is unique to the United States.
Can you say that again?
You're educated in the libraries?
Yes.
That's a good quote.
I like that.
There's no question about it.
I can prove it to you.
I can tell you that I was educated in the library, in the libraries of my native city of Baltimore, and particularly in the public library.
The Enoch Pratt Free Library is, and has been since it began, one of the great public libraries of America.
I...
grew up uh not too far away from that library uh the great central library which is yes great i came from a uh a family uh where
Books in education were of course very important.
Service is not what it should be like.
I spent a large part of my youth, when I wasn't in school,
in the main branch of the Enoch Pratt Free Library.
And I can't recall happier days.
I can remember when the library was built right across from the great cathedral in Baltimore.
I remember walking in it and around it with my father.
and he was very proud of the city and had a very good education in the history of the city as a result.
And I remember when the library was being built, I was a little boy, and since my father was a merchant, he was very proud of the fact that the windows of the Enoch Bradfrey Library were, as they still are today,
designed uh for exhibit purposes and they had a lot in common thank you they had a lot in common with the windows of the department stores in baltimore at that time and they were designed deliberately for that reason since enoch
Pratt was himself a merchant, and since the wealth of Baltimore was founded, was based on a lot of merchant wealth, like Pratt, Peabody, and others, the windows were deliberately designed to be like the windows of the department stores.
And in those days, when I was a kid,
Baltimore was filled with wonderful department stores, which were models for those elsewhere in the United States.
There was Hutzlers, and there were Stewers, and there was Hoshio Kohn, and there was Hex, and Landsbergs, and so on, and so on.
And these were
families that also were the supporters of the cultural life of the city.
So I always, from the time I was a child, I had a close feeling of close association with that life.
And my youth was spent in them.
And I remember being
befriended by librarians. I remember that my first drink in public was thanks to a librarian. We lived we lived around the corner from a branch library and the branch librarian was Mrs. Melvin, and of course I remember that because Melvin is my middle name. That's why I'm called Mel.
But Mrs. Melvin was one of those wonderful people who loved books and loved children or I should say loved human beings, and uh she obviously saw a kid when she looked at me who both needed direction and would take it.
And I remember the wonderful afternoons in that library of being, when she would take me under her wing and she would ask me, have I read this?
Have I read that?
And we would insist that when I brought books back, I would tell her what I thought about them.
As a matter of fact, she was teaching, of course.
And I still think that that's one of the principal functions of the best booksellers and the best librarians.
I can even remember being, I can remember a moment in Cusili.
Cusili for me.
There you go.
I'm going to shut this off during lunch.
Yeah, go ahead.
Well, you were saying something earlier.
Like that?
Okay.
I had asked you at the beginning of lunch,
I had mentioned that this is unique to the United States.
The Getty Center?
This center?
Yeah, not just unique to Getty, but I think like the Morgan has done a similar thing.
Oh, yes.
But if you don't find this outside of the United States.
No, there are many research institutes in the United States and centers for a study of this, that, or the other.
But the kinds of programs that we have here and the philosophy that guides us
I think make us quite special, if not unique.
I don't know why I have to say unique about anything.
But we are a research center devoted to the history of art and the humanities, as the name indicates.
We interpret the history of art very broadly.
That does set us off from a number of similar institutions, particularly the one that I came from here.
I was at the National Gallery of Art before I came here.
I was chief librarian there for 14 years and had a large part in the formation and development of the Center for Advanced Study in the Visual Arts.
at the National Gallery of Art.
The difference between this place and that one and many others, many other research centers where the history of art is the focal aspect is that we interpret the history of art very broadly.
For us, it is important that the history of art be studied
and thought about in terms of its role as part of the history of civilization and history of culture as a whole.
It is not simply the study of art objects
disembodied and separated from the cultures in which they were formed and executed.
So if you have a focus on the history of art, then is that kind of a general umbrella?
Our focus is the history of art, but because of the broad interpretation that we put upon it,
And because we cover so many fields, everything from the ancient world to the contemporary, and in so many places, we really are engaged here, not so much in the history of art, although we never forget that focus of our activity, but we really are engaged here in the history of ideas.
That's right.
And so our collections, for which I'm responsible, mirror that point of view.
Where did you find the collections, the manuscript collections?
The collection, our resources, as we've chosen to call them, consist of all of the usual kinds of material that you find everywhere else.
Books,
You cannot study the history of art, after all, without photographs.
That's what the great Panofsky said.
Panofsky defined the history of art as the combination of books and photographs, never to forget the original work of art itself, of course.
But in lieu of being able to stand in front of the original work of art, in order to study it, you have to have a photograph of it, and you have to have literature about it.
So our resources consist of books, photographs, and the mass and mass of documentation of unpublished kinds that exist in every kind of archive or manuscript division.
We have manuscripts, letters, drawings.
You don't care what?
Is it all catalogued?
No, of course not.
If it were all catalogued, there'd be no reason for my being here.
I am always suspicious of libraries that have everything all catalogued, because I wonder what kind of collection development program that they have, what sort of acquisition policy that they have, or what kind of miracle workers their catalogers are, that they are all catalogued.
No, it's not all catalogued.
It's not even all accessible, I regret to say.
But that's the nature of things.
The Getty Center, like the other Getty entities, is young.
It started off with a big bang some two years ago.
There was initially a great deal of money available, and it did what it had to do
initially, in order to create an institution, a brand new institution, in order to assemble its resources.
It did what it had to do, and then it bought large collections en bloc.
And it has continued to do so to a lesser degree, of course, as the amount of duplification increased and as money became less.
But that's the only way to build quickly and well, is to buy material in large quantities.
And, of course, it's also true because of the kinds of material that we're interested in.
Scholars' libraries and dealers' archives and collectors' archives and artists' letters and that sort of thing.
Sure, I mean, if one had all the time in the world
You could buy, much more selectively, one piece here, another piece there.
But we don't have all the time in the world.
And while there may be an occasional piece of nonsense that comes in, on the whole, the quality is very high because
The sources are good ones.
Of course, with manuscripts, there won't be duplication.
No.
With books, of course.
Well, there's a certain amount of duplication.
But with a large institution, you know, there are always duplicates and there are duplicates.
There are many books of which you cannot have too many copies.
Well, for example, if you have the catalogue résumé of important artists and you are running a large research center such as this one, there will always be a number of offices, a number of areas in the institution that will want
the catalogue résonne of the particular artist in, in, in that area office, or, or this.
It's not necessarily a rare book.
That's right.
Now, we do not buy, uh, the rare book, uh, in and for itself.
We are all, at heart, bibliophiles here.
But we do not buy, unlike other places, which,
to their credit are set up to do that.
We do not buy, for purely bibliophilic reasons, we do not buy a particular edition of a book, for example, because it is the rarest edition.
We are interested in information here.
We are interested in materials for research.
resources for scholarship.
And so if the second edition of a book is the fuller one, the more valuable in terms of the information which it contains for scholarship, that's the interest.
That's the edition which interests us.
It really is a significant difference.
That's right.
They were collecting exquisitely valuable things.
Right.
We are, of course, interested in the beautiful book, too, but not to the extent that other institutions are, because we are surrounded
by institutions which have made a significant step in that direction and have done a very, very good job.
And we don't feel that we should either try to duplicate what they do or rival what they do.
And our relationship with our sister and brother institutions in the area are very close and very cooperative.
We make a great effort.
to work with them so that there is no needless duplication and expensive duplication.
And there are a number of areas which we stay away from entirely because the holdings on those subjects are so good in very close areas.
And our relationship with UCLA in particular
is an extremely close one, and that's true not only geographically.
We are approximately five miles from the UCLA campus at the moment, and when we are in our own buildings there on the Brentwood site in a few years, we will be even closer, I think about three miles.
Is that what you're projecting for a couple years?
Oh, I don't know when the move will take place, you know.
I'm just thinking in terms of my book, I'm wondering how it writes this.
It's probably five months.
It's probably five years.
Okay.
It is said, I mean, one of the many reasons I hear are certainly because you're a major person in your own right.
Yeah.
But the duty is said to be the main event right now.
I mean, in terms of spending, in terms of acquisitions,
Right.
What's going on now, just as where it's happening?
The Getty, uh— Is that something you would answer, first of all, with a yes-to-no answer?
Well, I don't want to describe our activities as the main event, necessarily, and I want to make sure that the— Yeah, no, I want to make sure— I want to make sure that the— that the clear distinction is made between the Getty Center
and the activities of the Getty Museum.
I certainly would not be here, if you don't find it, if it were.
Yeah, right, right.
The position of a Van Gogh for Indian knowledge.
Yeah, you see.
I mean, and of course it's problematic whether or not the acquisitions of the museum are the main event, too.
Those are arguable matters.
There are a lot of people who are pleased with what the Getty Museum does.
There are some people who are critical of it.
That's neither here nor there.
You understand the distinction between the two places.
We collect on a large scale.
The money, of course, doesn't match what the
Getty Museum spends, the trust, disbursement of its funds is not equal.
Whether it should be is something else, and I'm not prepared at all.
I want to talk about that.
However, let me just interject.
What they might spend on one painting
If you have that amount of money to buy a minister, it's more than anybody else.
Exactly.
And there's no way that we have anything we're close to that, you see.
So, I mean, they're two totally separate institutions with different goals, and they're not to be compared.
The Getty Center's budget, and everybody's always curious about that.
I can't mention, nor would I, if I could, exact figures.
That's confidential information.
We're a semi-public institution, and unlike a certain public one, we don't have to reveal what our
internal budgets are.
The trust issues an annual report.
This is public information, and what's in the annual report is available to everybody who wants to find it, to look at it.
But our budgets, our operating budget and our collection development budget are by any standard
whether relative or absolute standard, very good ones, high ones.
There's no question that by any standard we have a lot of money.
We do not have the infinite amount of money that public opinion credits us with.
We are held to a tight budget and an increasingly tight budget from the trust every year.
There is no special appeal every now and then for something unusually expensive or grand or large.
what the money that is appropriated for us every year is that which we have to deal with, and as I say, it's constantly less.
For all the usual reasons, the Trust has enormous programs throughout the entities.
The cost of the building will be great, and as these things always go, there probably will always be
greater than anticipated.
There are all of the usual outside factors that have to do with the fluctuation of the value of the dollar, recession or not recession, inflation or not inflation, the ups and downs of the stock market, and so on.
So we don't have the ability that a lot of people credit us with being able to do
almost anything.
And I'm glad we don't have such an ability.
I don't want to deny for a minute that we have by, as I say, either absolute or relative standards, a great deal more money than most other institutions.
That's true.
But in addition to what I've already said, I want to point out that that money has to cover an enormous area
for collection development, as well as many programs.
And I'm speaking just within the Getty Center, the Search Center.
And the same thing is true for all the Getty entities.
We cover, as I mentioned to you before, a broad range of art historically related subjects.
from the ancient world to the contemporary ones.
We have dedicated areas for research for which collecting is an expensive proposition.
in an attempt to be conscientious and as complete as possible in those areas, we find that the budget that we have is fairly adequate.
What you're saying is really at no great moment.
No.
It's a considerable amount of money to go question about that, and that's fine.
I think what I'm particularly interested in is that you are now in a very enviable position of having the opportunity, you and Edelstein, to create a great collection.
Exactly.
And the means with which to do it.
Right.
And the mandate, apparently, to decide where to go out and get.
And maybe we just thought, you know, I'm kind of interested in this.
Right.
Yeah, no, I, uh, I agree, and it is an enviable position to be in.
I feel very fortunate.
at this stage of my life and my career to have this kind of job.
In a way, it's the sort of job that I have been, in a sense, preparing myself for all my life.
I've had the interesting and good fortune to work for a number of institutions at crucial stages in their histories when
when the growth of the collections was at a time when the growth of the collections was an important factor for those institutions, and when I had the opportunity to play a part in the growth of those collections.
I mean, after all, I was at UCLA in the 1960s.
before Ronald Reagan stamped finish to the growth of the education in California, and then later on in the United States.
But to be at the University of California at Los Angeles, UCLA, in the early
in the middle 60s when Bob Vosper was still librarian, when Larry Powell's magic touch was still apparent throughout the university, particularly the libraries, when Franklin Murphy was chancellor, when there was a sympathetic and receptive Board of Regents
governing the university, and to build some of the great collections that exist at UCLA was very nice.
Those were sweet, good days, exciting ones, and I, along with everybody else who was part of the team, had a terrific sense of accomplishment.
For a very brief time,
I was at NYU, New York University, when it had just acquired the Fails Collection, when it was the initial stages of the planning for the Philip Johnson Building on Washington Square.
And for a very brief time, there was at least the promise of exciting creative opportunities there.
It didn't work out.
for many, many reasons, but mostly it was because the university was truly not interested in that aspect of its future, and it didn't have enough of the right people to push the program through, and I was lucky enough to be able to get out of there quickly and get back to California.
Then for a long time, I was with the National Gallery of Art in Washington when the National Gallery of Art, in anticipation of the founding of the Center for Advanced Study and the Visual Art, was interested in building a world-class library for the study of the history of art.
And I was given that charge.
I said, okay, here's where you sit.
Go to it.
And now I'm at the Getty Center with an even broader and more interesting charge, and I feel
working with fascinating, interesting, bright people who have stimulating ideas, where one, for the most part, naturally there will always be intrusions on various bureaucratic necessities, but for the most part, where one can actually
live in a community where ideas and books and scholarship are the most important things and where we can see progress being made on a daily basis.
Well, that's a very good question, because—that's a very good question, because I am not—I believe in an active, in being an active,
I don't really like that phrase, but for another waste time trying to find a better one, it will do.
A lot of collection development is done in libraries, we all know of them, in which of a passive nature.
by very, very good people.
This is no reflection on the people at all, on the people who do this kind of work.
But it's passive in the sense that the person doing it is a good bookman, knows his stuff, and when he sees a good book in a catalog, or a list, or an offer, whatever form it may take,
is well able to recognize that this is a worthwhile book or a worthwhile piece of paper or whatever it may be, and that it has a place in the collection that's being formed.
That's fine.
That has to be done, and one needs to be a person or needs to have people around who are capable of knowing and collection well,
and recognizing what belongs in it, and taking advantage of opportunities that present themselves.
I like to see collection development proceed on yet another level, and that is a more active one.
I think the best
kind of collection development exists when the person responsible for it, either alone or preferably with colleagues in the same institution, people who have the same goal, the same mission, get together and say or think about an area of thought or an area of scholarship which needs some work.
who promote, in a sense, an area to be developed, even a point of view to be taken about certain kind of work, and go out and attempt to find the kind of the material that belongs
in that field and try to do something about it let me give you a let me try to be a little bit more specific for example we have here at the getty center a really remarkable holding uh concerning all of the 20th century art and literary movements and really spectacular
Holdings among the best in America.
I'm very proud of them.
I'm very proud of the role that I've been able to play in developing some of them.
Now, I mean all of the ones that everybody else means by the same subject.
Our holdings on Dada, on Surrealism, on Italian Futurism, German Expressionism, Russian Constructivism are remarkable.
I mean, truly, truly remarkable in all formats, incidentally, books, manuscripts, photographs, unpublished material, all kinds of material.
Now, I suppose one could take great pride in this, and also take great pride in the fact that it
heavily used.
We have people constantly using this material.
It's in great demand.
It's in great demand for scholarly work, for exhibitions, for loans, for this and that.
I think it would have been wrong to stop right there.
It would have been wrong to stop right there because an essential element is missing.
And mind you, I'm talking about this kind of institution.
I'm not talking about institutions that have other goals that do things differently.
But given the philosophy under which this institution operates, it would have been wrong to stop with these marvelous collections.
as they were constituted.
And what we have done, with some degree of success, is go out and find the literature on 20th century critical theory, on the late 19th century philosophy, particularly that of Nietzsche.
which underlies an understanding of which is absolutely essential for really grasping what these 20th century movements are all about.
We would have been remiss if we hadn't tried to make some connection with the similar movements
in music if we had just left these to art and literature.
So this is what I mean by an active collection development.
How do you find those?
How do you find these things?
This is the secret of the trade, I suppose, if you can call what I do a trade, and I don't object to that.
Or the secret of the art.
I'm not going to give away all my secrets.
But a certain amount of it is a function, and we have to face facts about these things.
A certain amount of it is a function of age.
Contacts.
Experience.
Interest.
And knowing where things are.
Now, it cannot be denied that here I am, I represent the Getty.
The Getty means money.
means opportunity for the real trade which is out there so there are a lot of things that i don't have to worry about that are going to be offered to me that's good we depend on that i am a i'm a great fan of the of the trade of course trade of course of course of course absolutely
But without the trade, none of us could exist.
We need it.
I mean, I'll never forget my first meetings with the great Lehmann Haupt, Helmut Lehmann Haupt, when he was with H.P.
Krauss.
He'd come around, this wonderful man,
dragging this enormous suitcase.
And he'd open it up and he'd say, there is a book which you are going to buy.
You have to buy it because you don't have it.
And how did he know he didn't have it?
He didn't know he didn't have it because he had gone to the trouble of doing some research.
And most of the time, he was right.
And most of the time, we bought it when it was something we did.
When you were born at this time?
Oh, this was my early days at UCLA.
And that kind of thing is appreciated.
We need, none of us who do what we do could work without the trade, particularly the men and women in the trade who take great pride in placing what they have in the right
spot in the right collection.
I can't say enough good things about the trade.
I think the scholarly, interested booksellers who all of us have known in our lives and careers, and some of whom, thank God, are still with us, are the backbone for collection development.
They're absolutely essential.
Two women I interviewed, Liana Rochtenberg and Natalie Sturge.
Right.
Yeah.
They deal almost exclusively with colleges.
Right.
Exactly.
They're wonderful.
And they will take a small college and create their collection for them.
But you see, but I also believe in going beyond it.
I believe that somebody who is really doing his job does not, as I said before, does not just sit around waiting for the right catalog to come plop on his desk or the trade to make contact with him.
You have to go out.
You have to sometimes stimulate the trade.
You have to be sure that the trade knows what it is that you need, knows what it is that you want.
Make sure that they have your guidelines clear.
And then you have to go beyond the trade.
There are personal contacts.
Your...
And I'm not going to tell you what those are, because that's going to give away too many of them, right?
But I think it's clear.
You've got to act on your ideas and on your instincts.
Okay?
It'll pop when it stops.
All right.
Fine.
This little red light is blinking, but I suppose, yeah.
So I do what everybody else does.
I do a lot of reading.
I follow up.
I meet people.
I go to meetings.
Most of them, like all of them, like all conferences and conventions in one thing or another, they're always most valuable for the personal contact.
You travel the world.
And I travel a lot.
I travel in this particular job.
I travel more than I have ever had done in any job.
And some of it is a great pleasure, and some of it is a burden.
Traveling is tiring.
It keeps you away from your desk.
And the office is a den of horrors when you get back.
But I travel for all the usual reasons.
I go to look at particular offers, look at collections, negotiate for them.
I go to meetings and conferences.
I go sometimes for the value of just sort of showing the flag, sort of being in a place where it's important that I be recognized as a representative of the Getty and to show our interest in a subject or a person or an event or
What should you decide to bid at auction?
I imagine you have your agent.
Yes.
I never go—I mean, I may occasionally go to an auction myself if it's convenient.
I wouldn't necessarily travel to an auction myself, and I never bid myself.
Well, the question of what might happen to the price is one thing.
Although people in the trade are very shrewd about that kind of thing, and they know who we use as our agents.
But the use of an agent for an auction has other extremely important values.
One, I mean, an auction house wants its money right away.
Well, I work for an institution.
I can't carry around blank checks.
and write them off right away.
So an institution has to have an agent who will take care of all of that, who will pay the bill and then bill us and perhaps wait a long time while all the usual institutional delays take place.
We need, like other institutions, somebody whom we can trust who will really verify for us what the option
catalog description means.
You know, there's nothing more debatable than the word fine when it's used to describe condition.
Who will collate the material, who will be responsible for packing and shipping, and will do all of that kind of thing.
They earn their commission.
Indeed, I think that they earn their commission many times over.
And I never resent a proper commission, honestly and reasonably earned, I think.
I'm always happy to pay it, and I think it's proper for the people in the trade to earn the commission that way and more power to them.
That would be later the point .
Well, it's wonderful.
It gives me a great feeling of satisfaction.
It's gratifying.
And I can have that, I can satisfy all my collecting urges, and with somebody else's resources, it's wonderful.
I used to be a collector, but I really don't do it now anymore very much.
Maybe it's because so much of that
urge is taken care of here in the office, but it's more to it than that.
I have a lot of books.
I have a lot of art at home, and I find that it doesn't give me the same pleasure that it used to.
And there are, I've got collections of books which still sit in boxes in which they were packed years ago.
And that seemed wrong to me.
What kind of things did you collect?
Oh, I collected quite a lot of varied things.
I was never, I would, I hesitate to call myself a collector because I was never very systematic about it.
There was something I like, an author I liked, a press I liked.
I would try to get it, try to be as complete as possible, and things in very good condition.
I did have, and I still have, some rather nice collections.
I mean, for example, I have perhaps one of the best collections of the books of Wallace Stevens that
If anyone has, that I know of, the best collection, of course, is at the Huntington Library because they bought the Stevens archive from his daughter some years ago.
I know it's somewhat instrumental in that because my connection with Stevens has been close over the years, and I did the Wallace Stevens bibliography that appeared in the University of Pittsburgh bibliography series.
uh, some years ago.
Pardon me.